but what's your fucking that I
leaves and the architectured
everyone says to the students who
me boys today we find ourselves for
a video on dragon ball of inover we are going
explain how to play
versus a friend with briefcases because
no one has difficulties
so I'm in the presence of dr his way
Hello everyone
we will explain a little how
do I have it all in the
time the field of time there we are in
in the center where there are the balls of
crystal and so we have to go to the level
of the high level of the place we organize
tournaments tenkaichi budokai and
headed to the head of the
responsible local fight like I you
do it and then it's simple we have access
versus mode and so we can choose
all the characters that we have unlocked
as well as his own character that we have
trained so the area to do quickly
a little fight that fights a bit of
what does it look like so did you believe
that I'm going to take
chapron people h bagheri major of this
name
to saint jacques saint gobain death
if his goal is to rise quickly and my
character I do not have their efforts I
master not disappoint in the heart of wine
sees that the camera is very different
normal both are forced middle
I
obernai
and these attacks and receive friends
thank you sam cooper
it is sometimes outdated on 12th corner
battalion of the girl the
deleting an article I did
months that is the state I lost to
Wade had size ok so we revenues
we share we will show and
of glimpses that's how same and we
again we hope you have it all right
really help you that's because
many have difficulties yet we have
proposed to do this video as long as
that's for sure do not forget to put a
gem
yeah do not forget to have a
other scene so lost 229 gaming boys
yeah yeah